[Term entry] Python sets .issuperset() (#4688)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/sets/terms/issuperset/issuperset.md

> ---
> Title: '.issuperset()'
> Description: 'Checks whether all elements in specified set exist in the original set.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Code Foundations'
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Collections'
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'Sets'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.issuperset()'
Description: 'Checks whether all elements of the specified set exist in the original set.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Collections'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Sets'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> The **`.issuperset()`** method returns `True` if all the items in the specified set exists in the original set,otherwise it returns `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, the **`.issuperset()`** method is used to determine if the original set contains all elements of the specified set. It returns `True` if every element of the specified set is also an element of the original set, and `False` otherwise. 
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
set1.issuperset(set2)
```

## Another Syntax

```pseudo
set1 >= set2

> ```

Reviewer: This can be added in a note format, but make sure that you add it below the parameter description, use the following:

>**Note:** In Python, the `>=` operator can be used to check if one set is a superset of another, functioning equivalently to the `.issuperset()` method.

- `set1`: The set whose elements are being checked for existence within `set2`.

> - `set2`: The set being searched for the presence of elements from the `set1`.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
- `set1`: The set that is being examined to determine if its elements are all present in `set2`.
- `set2`: The set that is being checked to see if it contains all elements from `set1`.
```
